## Purple Monster System!
### Introduction
This project is the library for common elements of the Purple Monster System.
It includes views, models, and apis. It should not contain elements explicitly
for any front or back end. This should provide flexibility for other projects
to use it for their needs.

### Generating Code
Purple Monster System is an event source project. Thus, there are a heck of a lot
of events. The base class for events can be found at /src/models/PMSEvent. All other
events are generated by a script. To generate events, run `npm run generate:events`.
To create new events, put a file in the /src/events directory containing a const
string preferably named the same as your event, with the annotation `// @event-type`
and a type preferably named your event + "message" with the annotation `// @event-message`
Name the file after your event. This is admittedly a bit magic, but it saves on a
lot of replication of work. Maybe a future update can parse the files better to
get rid of the need to annotate, or provide an alternate way to produce events that
is less magic. I'm not putting it in todo though...

### todo
#### events
stay (annotated)
* Create
* waitlist
* whatever taking off waitlist is
* change date
* set rate
* override rate
* set guest
* add guest
* remove guest
* check in
* check out
* no show
* assign room
* move room
* cancel

ledger
* create
* add transaction

#### general:
* Replace refs in models with ids.
* Add system to look entities up by id.
* Add gql schema
* Create views for groups of entities.